In docs add default values for random_pet length and separator (#108)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-random: website/docs/r/pet.html.md

  trigger a new id to be generated. See
  [the main provider documentation](../index.html) for more information.

> * `length` - (Optional) (default 2) The length (in words) of the pet name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `length` - (Optional) The length (in words) of the pet name. Defaults to 2.
```

* `prefix` - (Optional) A string to prefix the name with.

> * `separator` - (Optional) (default "-") The character to separate words in the pet name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `separator` - (Optional) The character to separate words in the pet name. Defaults to "-".
```
